welcome back for more great adventures
with members of the florida power boat
club Stu Jones here in st. Petersburg
it's been a long time since we've been
over here in the Tampa Bay area but
where it's it's the beginning of the
Tampa Bay poker run and I think it's
going to be a great event for the
florida power boat club now you couldn't
get a better day anywhere that's how we
order them here with the florida power
boat club we're here at the vinoy basin
we have about 40 registered votes for
this weekend's event a lot of big power
a lot of high speed look over my
shoulder you've got catamarans from
nortec and MTI we've got big V bottoms
from nortec and from cigarette we've got
suncoast power boats here with a 38
fountain and a 40 hustler on a trailer
in that festivals of speed show that's
right a little twist on this event we've
aligned ourselves with a really cool
motor sports event which is the
festivals of speed which will take place
tomorrow right here in straw park so we
got boats in the marina exotic cars over
across in the park and we've got a
beautiful bay out there and all of our
attention today is on that Bay Tampa Bay
we're running about a 100 mile course
today heading out here from the vinoy
basin in about an hour out through
sunshine key to Egmont Key and then back
and forth crisscrossing around tampa bay
what a fantastic venue we've got a lot
of spirit and a lot of energy here on
the docks and we're getting ready for
the first annual tampa bay poker run
the Tampa Bay poker run is a new format
brought back to the Florida power book
club poker run calendar but historically
this is certainly not the club's first
rodeo on these waters back in the 90s
and up until about two thousand and one
FPC stage poker run events on tampa bake
which were hosted right here at the
renaissance vinoy resort shortly
afterwards a local power boat club began
offering events on these waters and FPC
joined forces with the local club taking
part in these events and assisting with
various planning and media activities
then in 2005 hurricane Dennis took its
toll on the Binoy basin with five foot
waves crashing the docks and turning the
marinas floating docks into a mangled
mess which effectively shut down the
marina for the next few years the vinoy
basin was rebuilt with solid concrete
piers and reopened in 2008 with a 74
slip marina that now offers first-class
service with short and long term dockage
available the Tampa Bay poker run
travels throughout the scenic bay area
with Pinellas County to the west which
includes popular cities such as st.
Petersburg st. Pete Beach Clearwater and
Madeira Beach hillsborough county
borders the eastern shore of tampa bay
with the city of Tampa and more than
three dozen smaller communities many of
them on the water one thing is certain
in this area it's a boaters paradise and
it's no wonder these are some of the top
ranking counties for power boat
registrations in the Sunshine State
just about 60 minutes from takeoff here
at the vinoy basin thought I'd stop by
and say hi to my friends David woods and
Ron Harrison hanging out here by the
46-foot cigarette Ron which you took
delivery of a couple of months ago and
you did your first poker run down to
miami on the miami boat show run a david
woods pier 57 another sponsor supporting
us here on the event as you always do
David you got a pretty good turnout here
not just cigarettes but MTI's also we
got a real good turnout the basically a
beautiful day the waters flat not like
last year this was rough as a cob in her
last year we're gonna have a really good
time and looking forward to it Ron
you're in from Indiana it's a short trip
you got to get back for a basketball
game with Butler for the final four but
nevertheless she made it here and the
boats looking good you got your crew
ready to go absolutely we're really
looking forward to it and like David
said it's beautiful day son it was
snowing in Indiana when we left so it's
really nice to be here in this weather a
little bit about your past with
cigarette you've owned a few before but
this one is purely ultimate tell us
about this 46 it's it's the best boat
I've ever owned it's got the new 13 50s
in it it's a very powerful acceleration
is unbelievable you just don't really
understand it until you actually drive
it and that's what David actually told
me you got to come right it and after I
wrote it I had to have it well we'll get
a chance to see out there again today
Ron thanks for being here guys and let's
go have some fun don't touch that remote
we'll be right back with more power
boating in paradise TV